What you also want to have a look at the response?
Well I'm going to use the same interceptor here, I could push a new one though but generally you can have a look
at the response by accessing your next function here and passing argument to it.
This argument has is also a function where we will get the response as an argument,
this is of course automatically provided by vue resource and then we can use the response here.
For example we could change the way response.json works,
let's make our app work again. Right now in fetch data,
we're all looping through an array here
and that doesn't work anymore because we don't get back an array,
instead we get back an object here where we simply have email and username,
so no need to loop through all the keys anymore,
there are no multiple keys, there aren't any cryptic keys anymore. To make this code work again though
and that is of course a bit of a constructed example here but it shows how to set up such interceptors
well,
so here we could override the response.json method.
Now be careful about this of course because this will affect all your requests,
so you may not really want to do this in your production app but in a case where you do need to change
certain parts about your response,
this is how you can do it. So you can override the built in json method which we use here to extract
the data
and we need to extract some kind of object again where we can loop through all the keys.
So I will basically say this is a function, an ES6 function it is here
and all I want to do is I want to return a new object where I now have any key, let's name it messages
so that I have some keys or at least one key here to loop through which is equal to my response body,
like this.
This now allows me to extract my response body, something response json would have done normally
but store it in a separate object which has an extra key for that,
so that looping through all the keys and then extracting the user as a value for that key will work
again.
So if we have a look at this and now hit get data again, you now see it works again because now I adjusted
the response.json method
and this shows you how you can use interceptors to change both your request or your response.
Of course you don't have to change it,
of course you may only want to change some headers for example,
maybe you only want to print or log it,
that's totally up to you,
this is how you can use interceptors on each request and response. And be aware as we do it here,
you can always create your own filters with if statements to make sure you check if it's a certain type
of response or a certain type of request and so on.